[improve][doc] SEO for Transactions (#683)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/txn-why.md

id: txn-why
title: Why transactions?
sidebar_label: "Why transactions?"

> description: Get a comprehensive understanding of why develop transaction feature in Pulsar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn the use cases and limitations of transactions in Pulsar.
```
